Decree
Crazy.
Dare to tear away the sacred
You're crazy, I want you dead.
Prince, are you okay?
Ly Hue Ninh tore up the holy precept
When people dishonor God, you have a way to die.
Wei, you have to be my master.
Who are you?
He just doesn't kneel.
Now they are openly tearing down the holy precept.
You know the crime.
Who am I?
I am disloyal to this.
The ungrateful animal abandoned her mother
It's also a reward for him.
Help him take a step into the sky.
The Gift Giver
This is hers.
No way, Lee Hye Ning.
You tore up the order in public.
Claiming to be the giver.
You're crazy.
This is Your Majesty's will.
The reward is your grace.
You said you were the giver.
Are you the big summer?
Today, the Suyama River.
The servant of the family is so brave.
I read birth and death under your holiness.
Because of your best efforts, please send your family a royal decree to support the scene.
This is how you repay our family.
The pseudo-public superintendent.
My family has been average for generations.
It has nothing to do with this man.
No wonder you want to cut off your mother s relationship with you.
You have died without repentance.
In front of everyone, you can tear up the holy book.
You, are you guilty of anything?
The crazy woman doesn't know how to die.
I didn't even get down on my knees and apologize to Duke Wei.
What am I guilty of?
About the crime
They must be traitors.
The ungrateful man knelt down on my head.
Bold apples
Did you know he's the princess's adopted son?
Your Majesty, the King of Peace.
You son of a bitch.
Disrespect of imperial power
The Right to Humiliate the Prince
You have heads to mourn.
What you call the chief god princess is just an ordinary one.
You can't see the real face of this ungrateful animal.
Insulting the princess is an unforgivable crime.
Li Huining, you must pay for your arrogance today.
My wife is getting married today.
The officials gathered.
Removing the order in public
Humiliate the Princess
His crimes deserve to be punished.
The bridegroom tells you to get down on your knees and apologize.
I just don't want to make this too big.
Give you a way of life.
But you don't know anything.
I don't need it.
He gave me a way of life.
For the edict tore in your mouth
Humiliate the Princess
You can talk to the people.
Let's see if he can punish me.